Add MPI option to AXL (#129)
ECP-VeloC/AXL: README.md

- `-DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=[path]`: Place to install the AXL library
- `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=[Debug/Release]`: Build with debugging or optimizations

> - `-DMPI`: Build with support for MPI movement of kvtree objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-DMPI`: Build with support for MPI collective interface
```
